# AI-X_Deep-Learning_anomaly-detection
## Title: Anomaly Detection
### Members: 
- Name1, Department, Email
- Name2, Department, Email
- Name3, Department, Email …
- Name4, 
### I. Proposal (Option A) 
- Motivation: Why are you doing this?
Since the popularization of electronic information, a large number of sensor devices have been installed in various industrial equipment to monitor the operating status of the equipment. But for a long time, people lack effective means to utilize the large amount of data generated by these sensors. With the development of AI technology, people have new means to process and utilize large amounts of data.In this project, our team will try to use machine learning methods to detect anomalies in some data generated in industrial production.
- What do you want to see at the end?  
We first train the model using part of the data as the training set. Then use the trained model to perform anomaly detection on the test set data. We expect to get higher F1 score and RECALL score.

### II. Datasets 
- Describing your dataset  
This dataset has 11 features.  
datetime - Represents dates and times of the moment when the value is written to the database (YYYY-MM-DD hh:mm:ss)  
Accelerometer1RMS - Shows a vibration acceleration (Amount of g units)  
Accelerometer2RMS - Shows a vibration acceleration (Amount of g units)  
Current - Shows the amperage on the electric motor (Ampere)  
Pressure - Represents the pressure in the loop after the water pump (Bar)  
Temperature - Shows the temperature of the engine body (The degree Celsius)  
Thermocouple - Represents the temperature of the fluid in the circulation loop (The degree Celsius)  
Voltage - Shows the voltage on the electric motor (Volt)  
RateRMS - Represents the circulation flow rate of the fluid inside the loop (Liter per minute)  
anomaly - Shows if the point is anomalous (0 or 1)  
changepoint - Shows if the point is a changepoint for collective anomalies (0 or 1)  

[https://github.com/waico/SKAB#datasets](url)
### III. Methodology
- Explaining your choice of algorithms (methods)
- Explaining features (if any)
### IV. Evaluation & Analysis
- Graphs, tables, any statistics (if any)
### V. Related Work (e.g., existing studies)
- Tools, libraries, blogs, or any documentation that you have used to do this project.
### VI. Conclusion: Discussion
